This is the J Workbench.

It is a session manager replacement strongly geared towards
the development with tacit definitions.  It comes with
debugging support for tacit definitions, hyper-code and
cross referencing facilities, and support for classic scripts.

Most of the workbench was developped in 1996 on an early release
of J 3.01.  At that time, it was named "J Laboratory" and was
demonstrated under that name to the public during the 1996 J User's
Conference (Toronto) and APL96 (Lancaster).  The code has been
updated since then to run with current versions of J but not really
maintained.  For example, the implementation of the locale handling
should be revised now.  Starting with this release, it is actively
supported again.

INSTALLATION:

The suggested place for all these files is the directory
contrib\windows\packages\workbench.  The best way to get
the package is "exporting" it via CVS from juggle.gaertner.de.

For installation, you have to do the following steps:

- If you are not using the recommended place (again: that is
  contrib\windows\packages\workbench), you must adjust the
  "tbar" command in wbwd.ijs to reflect the proper file location.

- "open 'system\extras\config\scripts'"
  to add an entry for the "wb.ijs" project
  file in the "PUBLIC (package) definitions" section.
  For example:
  wb	contrib/windows/packages/workbench/wb.ijs  j

- Save & Run the changed "scripts" definitions (hit Ctrl-W).
  The project file will do its own bootstrap then.

You should now and henceforth be able to load and run the J Laboratory.
Simply enter
        require 'wb'
        wb''
in a .ijx window.  Congrats.  You are running now both
the WorkBench and the classic session manager.

Check out the "Help" menu to find some short introductions
and tutorials to get you started.

Help saving day for the next generation of workbenchers.
Mail me THE FIRST FIVE STUMBLING BLOCKS you encounter,
no matter what they are.  Write a mail directly to:
j-workbench@gaertner.de

After this installation phase, I'd like to get bug reports.
Using CVS, you can sync to any new release painlessly
without going through all the installation motions a second
time.

                                           Martin Neitzel
